Add support for configurable VM Diagnostics (#2528)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: docs/book/src/topics/vm-diagnostics.md

# VM Diagnostics

This document describes how configure the VM Diagnostics options in Azure.

> The VM Diagnostics options allow you to configure options for troubleshoot the startup of an Azure Virtual Machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VM Diagnostics allow you to configure options for troubleshooting the startup of an Azure Virtual Machine.
```

> You can Use this feature to troubleshoot boot failures for custom or platform images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this feature to investigate boot failures for custom or platform images.
```
(We just said "troubleshoot" in the previous sentence, so I used "investigate" here for variety.)

For more information on this feature, see [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/boot-diagnostics#boot-diagnostics-view).

## Configuring Diagnostics

> Boot Diagnostics for the VM can enabled/disabled and configured based on the User preference to being Managed by Azure or independently by the User which can set the storage for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boot Diagnostics for the VM can enabled, disabled, and configured based on user preference to be either managed by Azure or managed independently by the user.
```

Here is a description of the feature's fields and the available configuration options for them:
```yaml
kind: AzureMachineTemplate
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
metadata:
  name: "${CLUSTER_NAME}-control-plane"
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      [...]
      diagnostics: # defines a diagnostics configuration block
        boot: # defines a boot diagnostics configuration block

>           storageAccountType: Managed | UserManaged | Disabled # defaults to AzureManaged for backwards compatibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          storageAccountType: Managed | UserManaged | Disabled # defaults to Managed for backwards compatibility
```

Author: Thanks

>           customerManaged: # This is only valid to be set when the account type is UserManaged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          userManaged: # This is only valid to be set when the account type is UserManaged.
```

            storageURI: "<your-storage-URI>"
```

## Example

The below example shows how to enable boot diagnostics and configure a Managed (by Azure) storage for them.

```yaml
kind: AzureMachineTemplate
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
metadata:
  name: "${CLUSTER_NAME}-control-plane"
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      [...]
      diagnostics:
        boot:
           storageAccountType: Managed # defaults to Managed for backwards compatibility
```

> The below example shows how to enable boot diagnostics and configure a User Managed storage (with custom Storage URI) for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below example shows how to enable boot diagnostics and configure user-managed storage (with a custom Storage URI) for them.
```
